(All organizations, locations, religions, and characters...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
I think my dad joined hands with that cult leader.
Sang Mi and I will have a spiritual wedding...
where we will become one.
"Don't ever come back"?
Do you think this is a warning or a threat?
Who are you?
I just know that she's an undercover journalist.
We can't just go in there.
We need to get out of here.
- Sister Kim. - Our wishes will be fulfilled!
I'll save everyone.
I'm going to destroy this place no matter what.
Sang Mi!
This tranquilizer can even knock down an elephant with just one shot.
Mom! Apostle Kang gave my mom an injection.
I'll look into what that could've been.
Who knew he'd find a dead body too? We found a wallet...
- right beside the body. - Please find my granddaughter.
There was a social security card inside.
What on earth are you guys up to?
You're doing all this because I look like the girl you killed?
Is that why you chose me and my family?
If you keep this up,
I might have to change my ways.
(Episode 13)
Try all you want,
and scream for help.
Here, there's only one person who can save you.
Me.
There's no one else.
Are you saying...
you're doing all this because I look like the girl you killed?
Is that why you chose me and my family?
If you keep this up,
I might have to change my ways.
Please, just a second.
Now, I know...
that you can...
do whatever you want to do to me whenever you please.
So please...
I promise I won't run away.
If this is really my fate,
please help me...
accept you with all of my heart.
I need just a little more time.
Can I...
really trust you?
Yes.
Good.
Until the day the fruit will ripen to perfection,
I will wait.
Are you okay?
Where am I?
You should never swallow the pills Apostle Kang gives you from now on.
What are you talking about?
Listen to me if you want to save Sang Mi.
Don't forget this.
Sister Kim seems to be awake now.
Please help her get up.
Do you know where you are?
Paradise.
The place where my dear Sang Jin is.
Yes, that's right.
Would you like to take your medicine now?
Open up.
There you go.
You have to take the medicine so you won't get sick again.
Good job.
Please get some rest now. Okay?
Salvation.
Eternal life.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Are you okay?
Yes.
You didn't look good when you walked out of there.
I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
- I caused trouble to you all. - Don't be.
We've always been like this.
Dong Cheol, what are you doing over there?
I ran into her after using the toilet. I was asking her something.
Asking her what?
She seemed to be around my age,
so I asked her which elementary school she went to.
Spiritual Mother. Where are you going?
To see my mom.
Please go inside.
You're not supposed to see your mom for a while.
Okay.
- Dong Cheol. - Yes?
You shouldn't talk to Spiritual Mother casually like that.
I just thought she's around my age.
She is a very special person to everyone in Guseonwon.
Please be careful from now on.
Okay.
By the way, why is she special?
You're curious about so many things.
I have to ask if I'm curious about something.
All right.
She's someone who will cleanse us of our original sin.
She's taking a 40-day spiritual training now.
If she speaks to someone who is spiritually inadequate,
it will disrupt her spirit.
That's why you shouldn't talk to her like you did earlier.
Do you understand?
Yes. I'm very sorry.
Did you want to see me?
If you keep doing this,
I may have to change my ways.
These are all proof that apocalypse is near.
Would you waste your life while drinking...
just like other people when apocalypse is upon us?
Or would you get ready for the day of salvation here?
We should get ready for the day of salvation.
That's right.
Everyone, do you believe that Almighty will save us?
- We believe it. - We believe it.
Let's believe it.
All right, that's all for today.
All together now. Our wishes will be fulfilled.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Thank you.
If you go outside, you'll see the van.
Please get on it.
All right.
- Dong Cheol. - Yes?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Sure.
- Bye. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
What is it?
I heard you've met with Spiritual Mother alone before.
Oh, I took the wrong way then.
I was startled because I thought I'd really become blind,
but I didn't.
That's because you have a clear and pure soul.
If you work hard to train your spirituality,
you can win the first-class ticket to the Boat of Salvation.
You have to do your best during the training camp, okay?
Well...
I'm not sure about staying in a camp.
Don't you want to go to the paradise?
I do, but...
Depending on how deep your faith is,
your parents can get on the Boat of Salvation too.
Are you going to let your loved ones...
fall into the fire pit?
I'm not.
When will the training camp start?
It will start tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Okay.
(Guseonwon)
Apostle Kang.
I should go outside tonight because of a family affair.
What family affair?
It's my mom's birthday today.
The evil can disguise itself as your family and tempt you.
I know.
You need to assist Spiritual Mother, so come back before...
the morning worship.
Okay. Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Gosh, it's nice to have many young people.
I wish my grandson would come to Guseonwon like you.
Is he still the same?
He wanted to be a soccer player when he was going to the church.
Don't get me started.
He's completely possessed by the evil computer.
Gosh, Almighty.
It sounds like you two went to a different church together.
That's right. We went to the same church for 30 years...
and left that place to come here.
That means... How should I say it?
We're the living proof.
I see.
After leaving your church,
why did you come here?
Spiritual Father's sermon is different from other pastors.
He's gifted, so other people are jealous of him.
That's why they made up a false rumor.
What rumor?
They say Spiritual Father did something to a girl...
Goodness, have you gone senile?
Why are you saying things the demons would say?
Stop it because it's bad for the new believers.
People are always jealous of the person who is better than them.
Exactly. That's what I'm saying.
They're all demons' doings.
- Thank you. - Are you getting off here?
- Get home safely. - All right. Bye.
Thank you.
- Are you looking for someone? - Is there a guy who's here alone?
He's been drinking beer for two hours.
Hey.
Ma'am, I'd like a draft beer, please.
What? Ma'am?
What is wrong with her? She's probably only a few years my junior.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Gosh, who do you think you are?
I can't believe you're bossing me around like this.
Go easy on me, please. It was so hard for me to leave that place.
Did you look into it?
Here.
It must be prescribed by a physician.
When given every day, even normal people will become stupid.
Are you sure they're giving it to people there?
It's not like this is some vitamins.
I'm not too sure yet,
but I think they're giving it to more than one patient.
I think you really need to get out of there now.
Request an interview, and send the evidence to the police...
No.
- Why not? - This isn't enough.
I'm sure they already bribed the doctor.
Even if they get caught, they'll probably be able to get out of it.
So Rin, are you being this risky because you want to move to Seoul?
This is just my hunch,
but I don't think it's a simple alliance...
between a religion and the political circle.
- Then what is it? - Muji will be thrown upside down.
Actually, it may affect the entire country.
Drink up, ma'am.
Sorry?
Sang Mi is on the second floor of this main building,
and her mom is...
on the fifth floor of the sanitarium. It's tense there too.
Gosh, it's literally surrounded by the mountains.
No one will even know even if someone dies.
And have a look at this.
This route through the mountains...
is the quickest way downtown.
Can we just leave through the main entrance?
Many people walk in and out of there throughout the day,
so it's a bit dangerous.
Give it to me.
If we're using a car and motorcycles,
this route will be the quickest.
Dong Cheol.
Is Sang Mi doing well?
Hey, what kind of question is that? How can she be doing well?
All right. "Dong Cheol, Sang Mi must doing horrible there."
Was I supposed to ask like that instead?
Regular believers can't really meet her,
so I haven't had a chance to talk to her,
but it looks like she's staying strong.
I decided to live there with them for the next little while.
What?
Hey, are you out of your mind? Why would you do that?
We don't have much time.
Dong Cheol, I'm worried that something might happen to you.
Just tell them you're too tired, and sleep at home.
I agree. Going in too deep...
might expose you to more danger.
We should do everything we can.
They're asking 2,000 dollars from newbies and making them stay there,
saying that it's part of their training program.
2,000 dollars is a lot. Do you even have that much money?
All right. I'll see what I can do.
Well, we should give Jung Hoon some credit for what he found out today.
Gosh, you didn't have to bring that up. You're making me blush.
I found out where they were before coming to Muji.
Where were they?
Near Daegu.
I'm going to go there and check it out. I should be able to find...
some clues to figure out what they did there and who they are.
Oh, I think the leader used to be a pastor.
- Pastor? - Yes.
A few believers told me that they used to go to his church.
They didn't get into details, but I think he had problems with women.
This isn't his first time. I bet he's done this many times.
By any chance, did they tell you the name of the church?
No, that's all they told me.
All right. I might be able to find the church when I'm there.
Oh, I heard that a detective from Muji Police Station came by.
Apparently, he spoke with the leader and even saw Sang Mi.
What? Hey.
He didn't believe a word we said. What changed his mind?
I wonder what he and Sang Mi talked about.
I should look into it.
Dad, are you still sleeping?
Is he not home yet?
He's never done that before. What's gotten into him?
I told you to make sure he doesn't drink today.
Why are you blaming me?
Dad.
Gosh, you should've just said that you're still in bed.
Dad. Dad!
What's wrong with him?
I think he's dead.
The land registry documents should be okay, right?
They're gone.
That can't be.
Does that mean he gave them our house registry papers too?
That con artist. I'll kill you today.
Please don't do this. You cannot go in.
- You can't do this. - Let go of me!
Please don't do this.
Are you the pastor here?
Yes, it's that man. I've seen him.
Please calm down.
How can we help you?
You want to know why I'm here? You crook.
Do you even know how much money my dad has donated to this place?
How dare you steal our house and land registry papers too?
You guys are complete trash.
Please calm down. It looks like there was a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding, my foot!
Where is your father?
He didn't come to the service this morning.
I'll visit him at home.
You'll visit him? He passed away this morning!
- What? - You can't cause a scene here.
- Gosh! - My goodness!
Congratulations.
Your father finally got on the Boat of Salvation.
Everyone, do you believe that Brother Yoon...
has ascended to the paradise?
- We believe it! - We believe it!
My gosh, Almighty has shown us his loving kindness.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
I should pray hard so that I can get on the Boat of Salvation too.
- Congratulations. - My gosh, congratulations.
Don't be sad.
Don't be angry.
And please let him go.
He chose it for your sake,
not because he wanted to go to the paradise alone.
He loved you...
more than his own son.
How do you know that?
Honey, what is he saying?
Apostle Jo.
Yes.
Has his father ever...
brought such documents as a donation to us?
Apostle Jo, please make sure...
Spiritual Father gets this.
Yes. He said he wanted to donate them as a special offering.
Give it back to him.
I'm sorry?
His father is already in the paradise.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
- I believe it. - I believe it.
His special offering...
does not mean anything now.
Spiritual Father.
How can you be so sure that his father...
went to the paradise?
Apostle Jo.
My words are the words of Almighty.
Do you doubt that?
Do I doubt that? Of course not.
I believe it.
Our wishes will be fulfilled!
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - I believe it.
- I believe it. - I believe it.
(Muji Church)
Gosh.
Hello.
He's over there.
He's been there like that since this morning. Take him, please.
Goodness, he stinks.
Sir, please wake up.
You shouldn't be lying down on the ground like this.
We'll take you to a more comfortable place.
Please get up. Goodness.
Gosh, what in the world did you eat?
Hi, Sergeant Woo.
How have you been?
Great. Thank you for your hard work at this late hour.
- Please wait. - Okay.
- Get off. - Where am I?
Come on.
- Where is this place? Wait. - Gosh.
Come on. My gosh.
What is this place?
- He's still a little drunk. - Where am I?
Let go of me. I don't want to go.
Please take good care of him.
Don't worry about anything.
He will find salvation and have a new life here.
- I'll be going then. - Wait, Sergeant Woo.
Goodness, you don't have to.
You need to stay healthy so that you can support...
your wife and son. Am I right?
I shouldn't keep accepting these things from you.
Don't worry. Nobody knows.
All right.
I should pay for Jung Hoon's college tuition...
and buy him a house when he gets married as his dad.
(Muji Police Station)
What are you doing here?
I know that it's troublesome and difficult for the police...
to investigate a religious group.
I'm also aware that...
they won't obediently agree...
to go through the investigation.
Get up now.
You just said you know all that.
I do know, but please don't tell me...
to stay quiet and do nothing.
If it was your daughter who was taken by swindlers,
would you still tell me to do nothing?
People are looking at us suspiciously because of you.
Why are you doing this to me?
Frankly, I...
hate you.
I don't trust you either.
You did the same thing to Dong Cheol,
and you also sent Sang Mi back to that place.
But I need you now.
I really need a chief detective who can...
investigate Guseonwon.
Look.
I'm not interested.
So you can either go back now,
or stay here like this. Do as you like.
When you went to Guseonwon,
why did you meet Sang Mi?
You know that...
what Sang Mi told you isn't true.
- So? - I will...
give you information that you'd be interested in.
Fine, get up. Get up now, you brat.
Okay then.
Please come with me.
What?
I thought we were doing this. Aren't you coming?
Where? Hey.
That crazy punk. He's insane.
Hey.
I'm not going anywhere.
Don't you want to check the information?
Are you kidding me?
I don't know what you're going to do. Why would I follow you?
It's about Kim Hae Eun, the woman who went missing and died,
and the one you're investigating on now.
As far as I know, she often argued with her grandmother...
because she asked for 2,000 dollars to go to the paradise.
How did you know that?
Muji is a much smaller place than you think.
You've found a dead body. It's natural that rumors spread.
In order for believers to face Spiritual Father in Guseonwon,
they have to complete the basic spiritual training first.
They need 2,000 dollars to take that training.
She said she must go to the paradise or something.
She begged me to lend her 2,000 dollars.
How do you know so much about Guseonwon?
I'll tell you as we go.
That brat.
It will remove the toxin in your body.
You have to drink all of it.
[VIU Ver] Episode 13 Save Me "Let's Put an End to This"
-= Ruo Xi =-
That's the rotten mass of sin...
that has been inside of you.
Cough up all of it.
Is this...
what you want, Apostle Kang?
Is this what you want, Mom?
It's something he wants, not you.
Mom, please don't let him deceive you.
This Living Water given by Spiritual Father will...
make you feel better.
Please drink it.
(Daegu)
Was it that way? Oh, I remember now.
There will be a real estate agency if we turn left at the intersection.
He says it's near there.
Aren't you going to go?
Do you want to become a detective?
No.
What then?
A prosecutor.
You're being a little rude.
Me?
Just wear your seatbelt.
Hello.
- Please come in. - Thank you.
Please come in.
It's definitely a cult.
Is it okay to record our conversation?
Well, sure.
It's true that this man worked here as a pastor before, right?
Yes, it's true.
To think of that time... My goodness.
Did he do anything else other than embezzle the church's money?
It was fake.
- What was fake? - After some investigation,
we found out that his certificate of ordination was fake.
He's such an eloquent speaker.
So we got fooled by what he said.
By the way, did he ever...
sexually molest female believers?
We already heard about it before coming here.
So please don't hide anything, and tell us.
Don't you think we should get rid of all religious cults?
Well, there was one believer who was...
particularly close with him.
And apparently, they were in a special relationship.
- Am I right? - Yes.
There was a pretty-looking apostle whose job was a nurse.
And whenever her husband drank...
Whenever he got drunk, he would beat her.
So they must've grown close to each other...
as he prayed for her and listened to her hardships.
Do you remember her name?
I just remember her as Apostle Kang.
Do you remember how she looked?
She was pretty.
She had big eyes and plump lips.
She seems cold-hearted from the outside.
But she looks really nice when she smiles.
I don't know why...
she had to get involved with a guy like that.
Then do you know a guy who's always with him?
He has long eyes, and he has a perm like a middle-aged woman.
Oh, it seems like you're talking about Apostle Jo.
Yes, he is.
He came with that pastor ever since he started serving here.
And there was also a big guy...
who couldn't talk. From what I know, he was his stepbrother.
They were all so friendly.
So they had everyone on their side in no time.
They were so influential.
After I started serving here, I examined our church's accounts.
And I found out that our church had ended up with a huge amount of debt.
He even took out a private loan, so that already explains everything.
Are you still going to tell me to stand still?
Give me some time to think.
I can't stand still. No, I won't stand still.
My friend's going to broadcast the conversation we just had.
What? What are you talking about?
We also have a plan of our own.
My gosh.
You said you sent your friend there, right?
Yes.
Then ask him to find out the name of the old woman...
who followed that cult leader to Guseonwon.
Why?
I first need to confirm the facts.
Broadcast, my foot.
Where in Muji will you be able to broadcast this?
My gosh. Ma'am.
It must be heavy. I'll carry that for you.
My goodness. Thank you.
May our Almighty bless you.
Drink some water.
- Thank you. - Gosh, it's hot.
The water tastes so nice.
It's because this water is from a spring...
that was blessed by our Spiritual Father's prayers.
By the way, what's your name?
My name?
Why would you want to know an old woman's name?
You remind me of my late grandmother.
My name is Park Soon Nyeo.
Your name is very pretty.
From now on, you should also pray diligently.
Then you'll be able to meet your grandmother in paradise.
Okay?
Okay.
Good.
(Park Soon Nyeo)
You should lie down.
I checked with my colleague at work.
And it turns out that the pill...
they've been giving to your mother was a psychotropic drug.
We just need to find proof to show that it was also given to others.
Then the police and prosecution...
won't be able to stay quiet.
So please hang in there.
I need to go now. Apostle Kang told me to come see her.
Wait.
I have one more favor to ask of you.
Please give this...
to Dong Cheol.
Sang Jin.
Mom.
I'm slowly starting to see hope.
I thought nobody would ever listen to me.
But people are...
slowly starting to listen.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Honey.
About Sang Mi...
Don't worry.
Sang Mi...
will soon get married to Spiritual Father.
Honey.
I'm...
so grateful that we were able to come here.
This was all a divine message of our Almighty.
Everything happened so that he could bless Sang Mi to become...
the Spiritual Mother.
Isn't it amazing?
We're almost there.
Sister So Rin.
Yes?
Did you give Living Water to our soon-to-be Spiritual Mother?
Yes.
Are you happy with your current duty?
Yes, I'm very grateful towards our Almighty.
What did you say your job was...
before you came to Guseonwon?
I was getting ready to go to graduate school.
But then, I met our Almighty and realized my path.
I see.
Okay. You can go do your work.
(Muji Daily)
(Community Service Center)
- We're the police. - Pardon?
All this land used to belong to Park Soon Nyeo.
Does that mean this land doesn't belong to her anymore?
It was planned to go under reconstruction,
so she sold it a few years ago.
Then can you check who owns this land at the moment?
Yes, of course.
Yes, I was right. The owner had changed.
Does it belong to Baek Jung Ki?
No. It belongs to Jo Wan Tae.
"Jo Wan Tae"?
You should stop now.
I know you're a police, but you're crossing the line.
We're living in a country where there's a freedom of religion.
Don't you agree?
My gosh, he owns all this land.
He must've won the lottery.
Apostle Jo. Yes, it's me.
A few detectives just came...
and asked questions about your land.
Pardon? Oh, his name was Lee Kang Su.
Yes, of course.
Yes, thank you so much for the deer antler juice.
I'll keep looking out, and I'll tell you if there's anything new.
(Guseonwon)
After I get off, I want you to go look for those jerks.
Okay? You better find them today no matter what.
Do you understand?
Hello, sir.
Thank you for doing your best to keep Muji safe.
How have you been?
- Yes, of course. - Hi, Apostle Jo.
Our Spiritual Father has high expectations of you.
Yes. I'll schedule a date soon.
Okay, bye.
Wan Tae, why haven't you visited these days?
Did you miss me?
Of course, I missed you.
Hey.
My gosh, look at you.
Salute! I'm Prisoner 4884, sir.
It's good to see you, Mr. Jo.
Hey, are you still scamming people?
What are you talking about?
I'm really behaving myself these days.
You little...
You obviously served time for violence.
Who said you could talk to me like I'm your friend?
Guys like you think everything's over once you get out of prison.
But life's not that simple.
I heard you became a prison guard for that Spiritual Father.
So you must still think this place is prison.
Why are you acting up in my neighborhood?
My gosh, stop it.
Why are you guys doing this?
You're cute.
There's a place called Guseonwon. It only takes 20 minutes from town.
It's a very nice church, so you should come visit.
I'll help you clear all your sins.
You should go to paradise.
"Paradise"?
"Guseonwon"? Wait a minute.
Oh, yes. I remember now.
That place is being broadcasted on the internet these days.
Is that where you work?
What do you mean?
(Please report to us.)
(Send a memo.)
Okay.
So you're waiting for reports, are you?
Are you the informant?
Yes, yes. Thank you.
Oh, you used to go to a church in Daegu that just got broadcasted?
Gosh, no wonder. That must be why you called.
Oh, I see.
There's more?
Let's go.
(Almsgiving: Almighty, please prevent my son from getting sick.)
(Almsgiving: Almighty, please help my son stay healthy)
(Almsgiving: Almighty, please help me and my son go to paradise.)
My gosh, why are you drinking soju by itself?
What's wrong?
Did you quit work?
You should eat something with it. You'll hurt your stomach.
If you're going to keep doing this, let's just die.
What?
Do you think this world will even...
have a place for a guy like me who got expelled for fighting?
No, you're wrong.
Dae Sik, there's a way.
It's Guseonwon.
Have you gone mad?
Was it not enough for you to spend...
all your money on this place?
Did you even take out a private loan?
No, that's not it.
Things like money only make our souls suffer.
Money is evil.
Please...
Please stop saying that.
Every time you say stuff like that, I feel like I'm going to go crazy.
My gosh.
What's wrong?
No, it's okay. I'm fine.
My goodness. Gosh, my leg.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Did someone hit you?
No, no one hit me.
Was it those loan sharks?
No, it wasn't them.
Then who hit you?
Dae Sik, I didn't get these bruises because someone hit me.
I got these from fire prayers.
And they're not bruises. They're signs of sin.
I've committed so many sins.
That's why I get these kind of bruises on my body.
No one beat me.
Dae Sik. Where are you going?
Dae Sik!
Hey, Man Hee. I came to meet an informant.
No, it's near my house.
I'm going to sleep at my house tonight. I'll be there tomorrow.
No, I can't. My dad will kill me if I don't go home today.
Okay. Tell Sang Hwan for me.
Okay, goodnight. I'll bring you big news tomorrow.
Okay.
Hello? Are you the informant?
(Guseonwon)
(To Sang Hwan)
They've been feeding weird medicine to my mom.
So Rin helped her stop taking that medicine,
so her mind's slowly starting to come back to normal.
If we find more evidence on that medicine,
we might be able to release it to the press.
And it wasn't the first time...
that cult leader tried to make someone into a Spiritual Mother.
I think he also raped someone in the past.
I recorded everything regarding that.
You'll be able to find out about his sins...
if you look into his past.
Then I think I'll be able to destroy this place...
and be free to get out of here.
You guys should also be careful until then.
I visited the church that the old woman used to go to.
And I've confirmed that she and her friends followed the cult leader.
On top of that, he bought his certificate of ordination,
embezzled church money,
and had problems with a female believer.
I finally get it now.
I think we'll be able to get him soon, so wait for my contact.
Then we'll try to think of your escape route...
with the information you gave us.
I bet you're now realizing...
whom you guys were messing with.
Who is it?
What do you mean?
Who's the rat that's been snooping around with you?
Well... I think you got the wrong idea.
I work alone.
I'll play with you later, okay?
You startled me.
Gosh, I almost jumped out of my skin.
Dong Cheol, what brings you here?
I couldn't fall asleep since it's my first night here,
so I came out for a walk.
I saw you and Brother Wan Deok...
running into the forest,
so I followed you because I was curious.
Dong Cheol, it looks like you're a very curious person.
My friends always tell me to stop being so nosy.
Let me give you a piece of advice as I'm old enough to be your uncle.
Doing your own thing like this isn't a good idea.
Don't do this again, okay?
The two of you seemed to be in such a big hurry,
so I was just worried. I wanted to see if I could help in any way.
My gosh, it's getting late.
- We should get back down. - Pardon?
By the way,
- where's Brother Wan Deok? - He already went back.
- Already? - Yes. Let's go.
What's the matter?
Well, I think I just heard something.
Was it a cat?
Let's go.
By the way, where is Jung Hoon?
He said he's not coming today.
They said the spiritual wedding would take place in 40 days, right?
Has it been about 10 days now?
40 days...
They won't expedite it, right?
- Let's hope that doesn't happen. - Are you saying they might do it?
I'll wait for Almighty's message...
to reschedule the date for the wedding.
If he says that he received...
a new revelation from Almighty, the 40 days...
will probably no longer mean anything.
Sang Mi.
You're doing a good job, right?
Your spiritual wedding is just around the corner,
so you should clear your mind of all negative thoughts.
You need a clean slate...
in order to accept Almighty and Spiritual Father...
with all of your heart.
Dad.
There's something I want to ask you.
Sure, what is it?
After the wedding,
will I have to...
sleep with Spiritual Father?
Sang Mi.
That's not what it's about. That's how he'll baptize you.
Baptism for salvation.
So, you don't need to worry about anything.
What if I refuse to be baptized?
What will happen to me?
Sang Mi, why are you even thinking about these things?
No more foolish thoughts. Just focus on praying instead.
My daughter, you can do a good job, right?
So in the end,
I do have to give him my everything.
That's the only way to really end this.
Who are you?
You jerks made my mom get all bruised,
saying that you're giving her a prayer.
You guys need to pay for what you did.
Hey, stop...
Are you crazy? Stop that immediately!
Sang Mi.
Get out of here.
Dad.
Don't worry. Almighty will protect me.
All right.
Let's see if he'll really protect you.
We shall find out.
(Save Me)
He's here! I caught the rat!
Hey, what are you doing now?
He's here! Hurry up!
Have you lost your mind?
- He's over there. - Get him!
You demons!
- Gosh. - Guys, get him.